Update docs to mention gitignore changes (#15134)
prettier/prettier: docs/ignore.md

It’s recommended to have a `.prettierignore` in your project! This way you can run `prettier --write .` to make sure that everything is formatted (without mangling files you don’t want, or choking on generated files). And – your editor will know which files _not_ to format!

> By default prettier ignores files in version control systems directories (".git", ".svn" and ".hg") and `node_modules` (if [`--with-node-modules` CLI option](cli.md#--with-node-modules) not specified). Prettier will also follow rules specified in .gitignore if it exists in the same directory from which it is run.

Reviewer: We also ignores `.sl`  https://github.com/prettier/prettier/blob/56945ecf12a5b2e3b70e13bbcec956ccaf7bd460/src/cli/expand-patterns.js#L47

Reviewer: If we are going to mention `.gitignore` here, maybe we should put `.prettierignore` here too.

> By default prettier ignores files in version control systems directories (".git", ".svn" and ".hg") and `node_modules` (if [`--with-node-modules` CLI option](cli.md#--with-node-modules) not specified). Prettier will also follow rules specified in .gitignore if it exists in the same directory from which it is run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default prettier ignores files in version control systems directories (".git", ".sl", ".svn", and ".hg") and `node_modules` (unless [`--with-node-modules` CLI option](cli.md#--with-node-modules) is specified). Prettier will also follow rules specified in ".gitignore" file if it exists in the same directory from which it is run.
```

> By default prettier ignores files in version control systems directories (".git", ".svn" and ".hg") and `node_modules` (if [`--with-node-modules` CLI option](cli.md#--with-node-modules) not specified). Prettier will also follow rules specified in .gitignore if it exists in the same directory from which it is run.

Reviewer 2: Slightly better wording would probably be:

```suggestion
By default prettier ignores files in version control systems directories (".git", ".sl", ".svn" and ".hg") and `node_modules` (unless the [`--with-node-modules` CLI option](cli.md#--with-node-modules) is specified). Prettier will also follow rules specified in the ".gitignore" file if it exists in the same directory from which it is run.
```
